hi welcome to SBR videos I'm Peter
Loescher today is july twenty ninth but
we are covering some week one college
football games right now troy west from
all plays wind calm our regular viewers
are very well familiar with troy west
and no doubt impressed by his awesome
advice and his 80s record officially in
our videos speaks for itself right now
we're going to take a look at Ohio State
at Virginia Tech Troy website feedback
of us hey thanks guys I appreciate it
one of the more marquee matchups going
in to the first week of the season a
match a lot of people forget it's been
so long ago that Virginia Tech just last
year beat ohio state but difference of
opinion very excited I cannot believe
college football's right around the
corner Pete well the lines are out for
this game at some places I'm quoting
heritage at 5dimes lines five times has
Ohio State minus 13 it is a true road
game totals fifty four and a half and
you know Ohio State obviously is going
to be awesome this year but that's not
going to take anyone by surprise i'm
sure more people know that ohio state's
going to be great this year then no
Bernie Sanders is I mean this is not
going to be a sneak up on anyone to say
the least so that's all baked into the
cake here in this line of minus 13 and
Virginia Tech you know not a perfect
team a flawed team but they do have 16
returning starters they're going to have
an elite defense probably the best
defense in the ACC at home getting 13
points I you know just from the purchase
of the profile of this game my sense is
is there any way that Ohio State with
their huge hype this year can possibly
have value in a week one game I don't
know my sense is you take virginia tech
+ 13 what's your take on this game Troy
yeah you know this is going to be an
interesting game but I think when you
look at it the seven and six last year
for venue Virginia Tech this is not a
very good football team yes they do
return a lot of starters when you're
talking seven and six going up against
the team within much momentum as Ohio
State defending national champions I
don't think even playing in Blacksburg
is going to have much of an impact on
this game Ohio State dominant offensive
line dominant running game they're good
on all aspects of the field they are so
deeply look what they're doing right now
at the quarterback situation they're
moving one of their top playmakers to
the h-back so this team Pete is so
dominant this is a team of them from 4-6
I think is actually going to run away
with this game on
they're going to win this one by two or
three touchdowns cover that 13 no
problem you got understand p this is
urban meyer this is a retired a ton of
talent yes not taking any way thing away
from frank beamer but this virginia tech
team has really been floating through
the air now for the last few years they
haven't put together a dominating team
let alone a team that can hang with the
number one team in the country so yeah I
hate going against full underdogs I
really do especially when it's within
that touchdown range but I think Vegas
has this thing bumped up in 13 for a
reason yeah I mean if there's one coach
where I don't feel too nervous taking
big favorite spreads it is urban meyer
he likes to run up a score of you know
when he feels like it I'm not
disagreeing with anything you said Troy
wester all plays wind calm but everyone
else knows that I mean the awesomeness
ohio state is not you know some of your
usual you know proprietary insights I
mean this is everyone knows that so
isn't it already factored into the line
it's probably as factored into the line
but at the same time I think you're
talking about Virginia Tech getting a
lot of credit for the fact that they did
beat him last year but I also think that
plays against them that revenge factor
will be sitting in the back of Ohio
State's mind the fact this was the last
team that and did indeed beat him and
not only did they beat him they beat him
on their home turf in Columbus so I
think Ohio State that's going to play
even more factor it's their opportunity
to go into Blacksburg and not only be
for jenya tech but beat him down good
right and also like we said you know the
game is still more than a month away so
this line could easily move it could
move a lot you know that the public is
going to be all over Ohio State the
Sharps could be two or they might stay
up Virginia Tech and if that's the case
we might see this light clothes at 17 or
even closer to 20 right Troy I agree
that's kind of where I thought it
potentially could open up that and it
did so that's kind of why we're getting
on this Talon and get your bets in now
july twenty nine right now though at
heritage and five dimes the line is just
ohio state minus 13 troy west from all
plays wind calm seas value at that line
Troy West website again all plays wind
calm thanks so much right